---
layout: product
group: software
subgroup: false
subtype: false
publish: true
comments: false
cover-image: "https://cdn11.bigcommerce.com/s-itwgldve/images/stencil/608x608/products/2061/5570/Aspire_Logo_Vectric__34856.1675310617.png?c=2"
albums:
  album0:
    images:
        - "https://cdn11.bigcommerce.com/s-itwgldve/images/stencil/608x608/products/2061/5570/Aspire_Logo_Vectric__34856.1675310617.png?c=2"

---

{% include album.html images=page.albums.album0.images cols=3 %}

### Information

Description:
 

  Aspire provides a powerful but intuitive software solution for creating and cutting parts on a CNC router. There are tools for 2D design and calculation of 2D toolpaths such as Profiling, Pocketing, and Drilling as well as 2.5D toolpaths including; V-Carving, Prism carving, Moulding Toolpaths, Fluting and even a decorative texturing strategy.

Key Strengths of Aspire

Aspire\'s single interface for 3D component design and machining makes it easy and logical to draw and build 3D component models, plus calculate combinations of 2D and 3D toolpaths to machine high quality projects.

The emphasis on ease of use not only includes the interface and work-flow of the software but has also been carried through into the training materials. Aspire ships with over 90 hours of tutorials based on real-world examples that cover all aspects of using the program. The videos are accompanied by the associated files that allow users to watch and work through the training materials at their own pace.

Aspire has a unique interactive approach to assembling 3D component models that makes it easy to change the shape and characterisitcs of individual parts of the job and build up complex designs using simple sets of 3D shapes. Flexible design tools allow components to be edited - moved, scaled, resized, rotated, tilted, faded and distorted at any time without having to recreate the component.

